day two of the Calgary Stampede and
we're here with Douglas Duncan in the
what's now the temporary dressing room
out behind the behind the shoots as well
the last one was flooded out so Douglas
wound around today here 89 points on a
caster bowl called double dragon we're
just talking and you said everybody's
making that bull out to be a duck spin
everybody sure wasn't yeah no that
actually that bull I got in two years
ago as a calf and nobody knew him and I
was picking my head up off the ground he
increased my hat pretty good and you
know I he kind of grown up and got
bigger and I've seen him a few more
times since then and I knew he gives
them guys opportunity one first and
everybody likes to join him and I don't
I didn't remember him last time being
that easy to drive at everybody kind of
said he got easier but uh I mean 89
points you don't just be 89 by getting
on an easy duck spinner so he he gave me
the right trip and luckily it was a
point better than a half point better
than the mother guy so it was a tough
round again today I was just happy to
draw the right bull to give me that
score do a pretty good bull yesterday to
picked up another 1500 you got seven
thousand so far you're sitting pretty
good to come back for for Sunday yeah
you know it uh this rodeo is so awesome
because like yesterday I got fifth place
and won $1,500 you know that that's
pretty good
you know to get last hole in the money
and still win that much so Calgary is
just the best outdoor rodeo there is
hands down and it's proven year after
year tell me about winning it and come
back here each year you won in 2010 and
you've been back down here every year
since yeah he hadn't really well made
the ten round again and the last time I
came but it hadn't really worked out but
it uh you know it kind of you make it a
ten round it kind of comes all in the
draw on that right bone the tin the
round and get you in the four and then
the right bone the four round and gets
you on top so it uh it's the best cowboy
bull riders you know the PBR has the CNF
are the PRCA and kind of this is the
pinnacle of all rodeos you know you got
the best athletes and every every uh
what is association so it I nothing no
win comes easy here so you damn sure
earn it that's for sure
well your date's you champion from
Calgary Stampede is Douglas Duncan Thank
You Douglas
yep thanks bud all right for PBR calm
I'm Ted stoven